Apache doc update (#3897)
DataDog/integrations-core: apache/README.md

## Troubleshooting

### Apache status URL

> If you are having issues with your Apache integration, it is mostly like due to the Agent not being able to access your Apache status URL. Try running curl for the `apache_status_url` listed in your configuration YAML (include your login credentials if applicable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are having issues with your Apache integration, it is mostly like due to the Agent not being able to access your Apache status URL. Try running curl for the `apache_status_url` listed in [your `apache.d/conf.yaml` file][4] (include your login credentials if applicable).
```
